So in last lectures we always had a closer look at observables how to create them and that unsubscribing
is very important.
Now I'm on the official documentation of the our access package.
You can find it.
Add re-active X dot I O slash r x chase and here if you click on observable you'll find much more ways
of creating observables.
We saw create and we also saw interval.
But as you can see you can also create an observable often accessing promise or you can trade off an
event and much more.
So this is the place where you can dive deeper.
As I said you can create a whole course about that.
And that's not the goal of this course section.
I only want to give you a brief overview.
You can see that this library also has a couple of our objects.
Well we had a look at the subscription to subscriber.
As I said Iris's package all really functions you passed to subscribe.
We have the observer interface but there are other packages too.
I will have a look at the subject and we'll have a look at another cool feature of the X shares package.
It's many many operators It offers it offers a lot of operators you can add to your observable to transform
the data you get back.
And this is something we will use later in the HD section bit but there are so many.
It's definitely worth its own lecture here in this section.